GPS info and some fixes (#57)
xtrx-sdr/images: README.md

[ 7.171632] xtrx 0000:01:00.0: Failed to register TX DMA buffers.
```
For the details see issue [#37](https://github.com/xtrx-sdr/images/issues/37).

## How do I test GPS and specifically PPS?

> For GPS data like current time and geoposition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To receive GPS NMEA data like current time and geoposition:
```

1. Connect your antenna.

> 2. Install XTRX driver and libraries (use [pre-built packages](https://github.com/xtrx-sdr/images/blob/master/README.md#pre-built-packages) or build them from sources).

Reviewer: This is not a part of the testing steps... Mention before the steps list that the prerequisite is to (1) connect XTRX with miniPCIe or PCIe because USB3 libs do not expose GPS to the system, and (2) make sure XTRX PCIe drivers are installed.
You don't need XTRX libraries since it solely depends on kernel devices and `gpsd` software.

> 3. Install `gpsd` and `gpsd-clients` (for example, with `apt`: `apt-get install gpsd gpsd-clients`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Install `gpsd` and `gpsd-clients` packages (for example, for Ubuntu: `apt-get install gpsd gpsd-clients`).
```

> 4. Run `gpsd` with `/dev/ttyXTRX0` specified as the device. In Debian-based distros you can specify device path in `/etc/default/gpsd` file and restart `gpsd` service), otherwise, you can run it with device path as the latest CLI argument, like `sudo gpsd -D 5 -N -n /dev/ttyXTRX0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run `gpsd` with `/dev/ttyXTRX0` specified as the device. In Debian-based distros you can specify device path in `/etc/default/gpsd` file and restart `gpsd` service), otherwise, you can run it with device path as the last CLI argument: `sudo gpsd -D 5 -N -n /dev/ttyXTRX0`.
```

> 5. Run `cgps` and wait. You'll get most of GPS data including the current time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Run `cgps` to see the NMEA data coming from the XTRX GPS unit, as well as it's decoding into a date, time, and geopositioning.
```

> For PPS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test PPS (aka [Pulse-per-second signal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pulse-per-second_signal)):
```

> 1. Follow up 1st and 2nd clauses from the instruction above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Connect the antenna as described for the NMEA testing above.
```

> 2. Install pps-tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install `pps-tools`.
```

> 3. Run `sudo ppstest /dev/pps0`. Note, if you have more than one PPS device, you can find correct one using, for an instance, `sudo dmesg | grep xtrx_pps` command.

Reviewer: Explain how to understand if it works?

Also - how to use PPS with `gpsd`?

Author: `gpsd` doesn't have a specific tool to test PPS, at least I didn't found one. Documentation of `gpsd` suggests to use `pps-tools`.
